Issues: 
forgiveness practice, internet addiction, weight loss, launching young adults into adult, co dependency retirement transitio, spirituality, adoption, personality disorders, adjustment coping and illness, anger management, mens issues, executive coaching couples counseling, alcohol abuse, obsessive compulsive ocd, family conflict, sleep depression intense emotions, chronic pain, career transition, trauma recovery emdr cognitive beh, sexual addiction, life transitions, elderly persons disorders, obesity, womens health care, women in transition, work health and relationship stres, trauma and ptsd, istdp, depression, bipolar disorder, career counseling, executive coaching, medication management, co dependency group therapy, traumatic brain injury, impulse control disorders, couple and family therapy, behavioral issues, developmental disorders, occupational issues, codependency, borderline personality, suicidal ideation, aspergers syndrome, sleep or insomnia, postpartum adjustment, oppositional defiance, teen violence, coping skills, singleness issues in dating, sexual abuse, infidelity, divorce, marital and premarital, self esteem, maximize medical treatmt conditions, relational psychoanalysis, child or adolescent, eating disorders, sex therapy, chronic impulsivity, gay, grief, post partum depression, anxiety, domestic abuse, life coaching, psychosis, chronic relapse, learning disabilities, mindfulness, bisexual, panic disorder and phobias, testing and evaluation, adhd, bachelor amp husband challenges, dual diagnosis, autism, dissociative disorders, early childhood trauma, drug abuse, emotional disturbance, alzheimers, substance abuse, acculturation multicultural issues, relationship issues, forgiveness, domestic violence, academic underachievement, emdr, parenting, attachment therapy early intervention, lesbian, mood disorders, peer relationships, infertility, womens issues, addiction, work stress

Issue: forgiveness practice
https://jackkornfield.com/the-practice-of-forgiveness/
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/dawn-gluskin/forgiveness-tips_b_3306557.html
http://www.spiritualityandpractice.com/practices/alphabet/view/11/forgiveness
http://www.spiritualityandpractice.com/practices/practices/view/21581/forgiveness-meditation
http://ggia.berkeley.edu/practice/nine_steps_to_forgiveness
http://greatergood.berkeley.edu/topic/forgiveness/definition
http://dharmawisdom.org/teachings/articles/forgiveness-practice
http://www.chicagonow.com/fitness-health/2014/06/heal-your-heart-practice-forgiveness/
http://www.emblibrary.com/EL/products.aspx?Catalog=Emblibrary&ProductID=a8091
http://simplereminders.com/20141024011705.html

Issue: internet addiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_addiction_disorder?sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwju0OiL5qzMAhVS3WMKHWuYBBkQ9QEIGTAA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_addiction_disorder
http://www.addictionrecov.org/internet.htm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_addiction_disorder#A_multidimensional_construct
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_addiction_disorder#DSM_classification
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/addiction/smartphone-and-internet-addiction.htm
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/addiction/smartphone-and-internet-addiction.htm#internet_computer_addiction
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/addiction/smartphone-and-internet-addiction.htm#how
http://netaddiction.com/internet-addiction-test/
http://netaddiction.com/

Issue: weight loss
http://stanfordhealthcare.org/medical-clinics/bariatric-surgery.html
http://www.pamf.org/wls/?utm_medium=local&utm_source=google_plus-local&utm_campaign=local-Palo-Alto-PAMF242
http://www.naturalhealthstyle.com/
http://www.health.com/health/gallery/0,,20501331,00.html
http://www.health.com/health/video/0,,20901976,00.html
http://www.health.com/health/video/0,,20731751,00.html
https://authoritynutrition.com/how-to-lose-weight-as-fast-as-possible/
https://authoritynutrition.com/20-most-weight-loss-friendly-foods/
https://authoritynutrition.com/glucomannan/
https://authoritynutrition.com/how-many-calories-per-day/

Issue: launching young adults into adult
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/michael-ascher-md/failure-to-launch-syndrom_b_6709206.html
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/michael-s-broder-phd/parenting-adult-children-failure-to-launch_b_3306830.html
http://www.optimumperformanceinstitute.com/failure-to-launch-syndrome/
http://www.mythrive.net/_pages/herons_gate/writings_strained_nerves_drained_funds.htm
https://www.cottonwooddetucson.com/young-adults-failure-to-launch.html
https://www.empoweringparents.com/article/failure-to-launch-part-1-why-so-many-adult-kids-still-live-with-their-parents/
https://www.empoweringparents.com/article/failure-to-launch-part-2-how-adult-children-work-the-parent-system/
https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/failure-launch/201501/failure-launch-syndrome
http://www.brattlebororetreat.org/news/when-young-people-fail-launch-an-interview-with-kevin-gallagher
http://eguides.teenlife.com/therapeutic/articles/top-5-signs-of-failure-to-launch/

Issue: co dependency retirement transitio
https://therapists.psychologytoday.com/rms/prof_results.php?city=Collingwood&state=ON&spec=503
https://therapists.psychologytoday.com/rms/prof_results.php?city=Owen+Sound&state=ON&spec=503
http://files.eric.ed.gov/fulltext/EJ969555.pdf
http://www.amazon.com/Retiring-Mind-Psychological-Transition-Retirement/dp/0615480683
https://www.acenet.edu/news-room/Pages/Faculty-Retirement-Transitions.aspx
http://healertoday.com/category/transition-coaching/
http://www.goodtherapy.org/learn-about-therapy/issues/change
http://www.sharonbecker.com/

Issue: spirituality
http://www.takingcharge.csh.umn.edu/enhance-your-wellbeing/purpose/spirituality/what-spirituality?sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwi6ia-n5qzMAhUE32MKHVSlAwoQ9QEIGTAA
http://www.takingcharge.csh.umn.edu/enhance-your-wellbeing/purpose/spirituality/what-spirituality
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spirituality
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spiritual_but_not_religious
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catholic_spirituality
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Spirituality
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Outline_of_spirituality
https://www.psychologytoday.com/basics/spirituality
http://blogs.uoregon.edu/shiyut/portfolio/artifact-6-creative-spirituality/
http://presencepowerpotential.com/news/2016/2/17/everyone-can-benefit-from-spirituality

Issue: adoption
http://adoption.com/
https://adoption.com/profiles
https://adoption.com/sso/login
https://adoption.com/forums/
https://adoption.com/photolisting/
http://www.adoptionconnection.org/
http://www.adoptuskids.org/
http://www.adoptuskids.org/meet-the-children/search
http://www.adoptuskids.org/meet-the-children/state-photolists
http://www.adoptuskids.org/for-families

Issue: personality disorders
http://www.mentalhealthamerica.net/conditions/personality-disorder
https://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/personalitydisorders.html
http://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/topics/borderline-personality-disorder/
https://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/001531.htm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personality_disorder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Borderline_personality_disorder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avoidant_personality_disorder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sadistic_personality_disorder
https://www.psychologytoday.com/basics/personality-disorders
https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/hide-and-seek/201205/the-10-personality-disorders

Issue: adjustment coping and illness
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/2222387
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3319320/
http://www.apa.org/helpcenter/chronic-illness.aspx
http://people.uncw.edu/ogler/PPT/BMEDPPT/coping%20with%20chronic%20illness.ppt
http://userpage.fu-berlin.de/~schuez/folien/Manne_Chronic.pdf
http://blog.joshuawiley.com/?p=48
https://thepsychologist.bps.org.uk/volume-25/edition-3/adjusting-life-chronic-illness
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/000579679090081S
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/8463101_Models_of_adjustment_to_chronic_illness_Using_the_example_of_rheumatoid_arthritis
http://www.annualreviews.org/doi/full/10.1146/annurev.psych.58.110405.085615

Issue: anger management
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anger_management?sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjb35--5qzMAhVS4mMKHcHBBaIQ9QEIGTAA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anger_management
http://www.apa.org/topics/anger/control.aspx
http://www.apa.org/helpcenter/controlling-anger.aspx
http://www.apa.org/topics/anger/help.aspx
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1986770/
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1986770/fullcredits/
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1986770/episodes
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1986770/episodes?season=1
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1986770/epcast

Issue: mens issues
http://listverse.com/2013/06/25/10-examples-of-men39s-issues-the-media-loves-to-ignore/
http://www.goodtherapy.org/learn-about-therapy/issues/men-issues
http://shriverreport.org/talking-about-men-the-top-10-issues-affecting-men-in-2014/
http://goodmenproject.com/ethics-values/the-top-10-issues-of-mens-rights/
https://www.reddit.com/r/OneY/
http://www.mensfitness.com/women/sex-tips/five-embarrassing-male-sexual-issues
http://www.jeffreybeckerphd.com/mens-issues.html
http://themensdoc.com/mens-issues/
http://www.stahlschmidt-therapy.com/mens-issues.html
http://www.avoiceformen.com/men/mens-issues/compendium-of-mens-issues/

Issue: executive coaching couples counseling
http://www.lucyfine.com/AboutMe.en.html
http://www.lucyfine.com/GroupTherapy.en.html
http://www.growingself.com/
http://www.lorigottliebtherapy.com/
http://www.newchaptersolutions.com/counseling-and-coaching/couples/
http://jameswilliamparker.com/
http://www.apa.org/pubs/journals/features/cpb-1061-4087-53-4-229.pdf
http://www.greymattersintl.com/services/corp-exec-leadership-development/
http://kevinflemingphd.com/services/marriage-couples-retreats/
http://www.toddsbaratz.com/executivecoaching/

Issue: alcohol abuse
http://www.niaaa.nih.gov/alcohol-health/overview-alcohol-consumption
http://www.niaaa.nih.gov/alcohol-health/overview-alcohol-consumption/alcohol-facts-and-statistics
http://www.niaaa.nih.gov/alcohol-health/overview-alcohol-consumption/alcohol-use-disorders
http://www.niaaa.nih.gov/alcohol-health/overview-alcohol-consumption/moderate-binge-drinking
http://www.niaaa.nih.gov/alcohol-health/alcohols-effects-body
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/addiction/alcoholism-and-alcohol-abuse.htm
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/addiction/alcohol-addiction-treatment-and-self-help.htm
http://www.helpguide.org/harvard/almost-alcoholic.htm
http://www.helpguide.org/harvard/women-and-alcohol.htm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcohol_abuse

Issue: obsessive compulsive ocd
http://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/topics/obsessive-compulsive-disorder-ocd/
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/anxiety/obssessive-compulsive-disorder-ocd.htm
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/anxiety/obssessive-compulsive-disorder-ocd.htm#what
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/anxiety/obssessive-compulsive-disorder-ocd.htm#obsessions
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/anxiety/obssessive-compulsive-disorder-ocd.htm#signs
https://iocdf.org/about-ocd/
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/ocd/basics/definition/con-20027827
http://www.psychguides.com/guides/obsessive-compulsive-disorder-symptoms-causes-and-effects/
http://www.adaa.org/understanding-anxiety/obsessive-compulsive-disorder-ocd
https://www.anxietybc.com/parenting/obsessive-compulsive-disorder

Issue: family conflict
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/health/healthyliving/family-conflict
http://blog.workhealthlife.com/2013/04/how-to-prevent-family-conflict-from-spreading-like-wildfire/
http://www.cshisc.com.au/develop/quality-case-studies/industry-spotlight-case-studies/mediating-international-family-conflict/
https://lookfordiagnosis.com/mesh_info.php?term=family+conflict&lang=1
http://www.cyh.com/HealthTopics/HealthTopicDetailsKids.aspx?p=335&np=282&id=2675
http://drprem.com/parenting/high-conflict-families-affect-children.html
http://www.focusonthefamily.com/lifechallenges/relationship-challenges/conflict-resolution/a-biblical-guide-to-resolving-conflict
http://www.doctoroz.com/article/plan-resolve-any-family-conflict
http://au.reachout.com/family-conflict-with-parents
http://www.mediate.com/articles/mercerd7.cfm

Issue: sleep depression intense emotions
http://www.clinical-depression.co.uk/depression-faq/depression-and-dreaming/
http://dreamstudies.org/2009/09/15/depression-ssri-and-dreams/
http://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2012/08/dreaming-depression-and-how-sleep-affects-emotions/261051/
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/depression/depression-signs-and-symptoms.htm
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/depression/depression-in-women.htm
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/depression/depression-in-men.htm
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/depression/teenagers-guide-to-depression.htm
http://www.psychology-solution.com/sleep-insomnia/anxiety-depression
http://www.why-we-dream.com/depression.htm
https://sleepfoundation.org/sleep-disorders-problems/depression-and-sleep

Issue: chronic pain
http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/magazine/issues/spring11/articles/spring11pg5-6.html
http://www.webmd.com/pain-management/guide/understanding-pain-management-chronic-pain
http://www.ninds.nih.gov/disorders/chronic_pain/chronic_pain.htm
https://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/chronicpain.html
https://theacpa.org/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chronic_pain
http://www.photonics.com/Article.aspx?AID=60615
http://www.pharmacist.com/light-may-be-effective-treatment-chronic-pain-study-says
http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/health/chronic-pain-sufferers-to-use-pictures-to-describe-their-symptoms-34656554.html
http://www.medicinenet.com/chronic_pain/article.htm

Issue: career transition
http://money.usnews.com/money/careers/slideshows/tips-for-surviving-a-career-transition
http://info.theladders.com/blog/bid/153552/Ask-Amanda-5-Tips-on-Making-a-Career-Transition
http://www.careertransitions.com/
https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/career-transitions
https://hbr.org/2013/04/how-to-explain-your-career-tra/
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/workforce-restructuring/employee-guide-to-career-transition/
http://www.careerealism.com/first-career-transition/
http://coachingforinspiration.com/reset/
http://careersuccess.typepad.com/my_weblog/career-transition/
http://plumleeassociates.com/planning-a-successful-career-transition/

Issue: trauma recovery emdr cognitive beh
http://www.emdrhap.org/content/2014/06/trauma-recoveryhap-an-ngo/
http://www.emdrhap.org/content/what-is-emdr/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eye_movement_desensitization_and_reprocessing
http://lamistad.com/specialties/trauma-recovery/
http://livingrite.org/trauma_clinic.shtml
http://www.cognitivetherapy.me.uk/emdr.htm
http://www.ptsd.va.gov/public/treatment/therapy-med/treatment-ptsd.asp
http://www.arlenring.com/emdr4traumarecovery.php
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3083990/
http://www.emdr.com/efficacy/

Issue: sexual addiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sexual_addiction
http://www.psychguides.com/guides/sex-addiction-symptoms-causes-and-effects/
http://www.webmd.com/sexual-conditions/features/is-sex-addiction-real
http://psychcentral.com/lib/what-is-sexual-addiction/
http://psychcentral.com/lib/symptoms-of-sexual-addiction/
http://psychcentral.com/lib/what-causes-sexual-addiction/
https://www.recoveryzone.com/tests/sex-addiction/SAST/index.php
http://www.medicinenet.com/sexual_addiction/article.htm
https://www.aamft.org/iMIS15/AAMFT/Content/consumer_updates/sexual_addiction.aspx
https://saa-recovery.org/

Issue: life transitions
https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/fixing-families/201307/keys-handling-lifes-transitions
http://lizkinglifecoach.com/services/life-transitions/
http://lifetrans.weebly.com/
http://www.clearviewwealthmgmt.com/life-transitions-and-the-sandwich-generation/
http://pathfinderscounselingllc.com/life-transitions/
http://owaynebradbery.com/?page_id=55
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/news/life-transitions/
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/shannon-kellogg-psy-d/life-transitions-identity_b_3456314.html
http://www.forbes.com/sites/timmaurer/2014/07/24/the-3-keys-to-surviving-major-life-transitions/
http://www.goodtherapy.org/learn-about-therapy/issues/change

Issue: elderly persons disorders
http://openpathcollective.org/mental-health-topics/elderly-persons/
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1021557/
http://www.aplaceformom.com/senior-care-resources/articles/elderly-anxiety-disorders
http://www.downstate.edu/geriatricfellowship/documents/PSYCHOTICDISORDERSINELDERLYPERSONS.ppt
http://www.downstate.edu/geriatricfellowship/documents/PSYCHOTICDISORDERSINELDERLYPERSONSMarch2014.ppt
http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/news/20020628/personality-disorders-change-over-time
https://therapists.psychologytoday.com/rms/prof_results.php?city=New+York&spec=10
https://therapists.psychologytoday.com/rms/prof_results.php?city=San+Francisco&state=CA&spec=10
http://www.merckmanuals.com/home/older-people%E2%80%99s-health-issues/the-aging-body/disorders-in-older-people
http://vestibular.org/node/10

Issue: obesity
https://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/obesity.html
https://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/obesity.html#summary
https://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/obesity.html#cat51
https://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/obesity.html#cat57
https://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/obesity.html#cat5
http://www.obesity.org/
http://www.cdc.gov/obesity/
http://www.cdc.gov/obesity/data/facts.html
http://www.cdc.gov/obesity/adult/
http://www.cdc.gov/obesity/data/adult.html

Issue: womens health care
http://www.womenwellness.net/
http://stanfordhospital.org/cardiovascularhealth/womenhearthealth%20?ecid=glocalsearch-ls-google-clinicpage-all-WomensHeartHealth
http://stanfordhealthcare.org/medical-clinics/womens-cancer-center.html?ecid=glocalsearch-ls-google-clinicpage-all-WomensCancerCenter
http://stanfordhealthcare.org/medical-clinics/breast-cancer-program.html?ecid=glocalsearch-ls-google-clinicpage-all-BreastCancerProgram
http://med.stanford.edu/womensneuroscience/wellness_clinic.html
http://med.stanford.edu/womensneuroscience.html
http://www.argusleader.com/story/opinion/voices/2016/04/25/voice-protecting-womens-health-care/83507572/
http://www.adweek.com/news/advertising-branding/why-healthcare-advertisers-should-really-consider-womens-perspectives-campaigns-170987
http://www.usforacle.com/news/view.php/1020128/Rick-Scott-attempts-to-obliterate-womens
https://stanfordhealthcare.org/medical-clinics/womens-cancer-center.html

Issue: women in transition
http://www.helpwomen.org/
http://www.helpwomen.org/wp/contact-us/general
http://www.helpwomen.org/wp/about/mission
http://www.helpwomen.org/wp/outreach/adopt-a-family
http://www.helpwomen.org/wp/about/our-executive-director
http://www.witproject.org/
https://www.unicef-irc.org/publications/pdf/monee6sume.pdf
http://www.investopedia.com/articles/personal-finance/053014/how-women-transition-can-help-themselves-finances.asp
http://www.womenintran.org/
http://www.tri-c.edu/women-in-transition/pre-registration-form.html

Issue: work health and relationship stres
http://www.webmd.com/men/features/work-stress
https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/resolution-not-conflict/201305/stress-in-relationships-10-sources-and-their-antidotes
http://www.cdc.gov/niosh/docs/99-101/
http://smallbusiness.chron.com/stress-affects-work-performance-18040.html
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/health/healthyliving/work-related-stress
http://www.admin.cam.ac.uk/offices/hr/policy/stress/causes.html
http://www.who.int/occupational_health/topics/stressatwp/en/
http://www.apa.org/helpcenter/job-stress.aspx
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/stress/stress-at-work.htm
https://www.workcover.nsw.gov.au/__data/assets/pdf_file/0013/24052/tip-sheet-9-work-related-stress-1081.pdf

Issue: trauma and ptsd
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/ptsd-trauma/post-traumatic-stress-disorder.htm
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/ptsd-trauma/ptsd-in-veterans.htm
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/ptsd-trauma/ptsd-in-the-family.htm
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/ptsd-trauma/traumatic-stress.htm
http://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/topics/post-traumatic-stress-disorder-ptsd/
http://www.adaa.org/understanding-anxiety/posttraumatic-stress-disorder-ptsd
http://www.adaa.org/understanding-anxiety/posttraumatic-stress-disorder-ptsd/symptoms
http://www.adaa.org/understanding-anxiety/posttraumatic-stress-disorder-ptsd/treatment
http://www.adaa.org/understanding-anxiety/posttraumatic-stress-disorder-ptsd/symptoms/sleep-problems
http://www.ptsd.va.gov/

Issue: istdp
http://www.istdp.com/
http://www.istdp.com/about
http://www.istdp.com/members
http://www.istdp.com/training
http://www.istdp.com/research
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intensive_short-term_dynamic_psychotherapy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intensive_short-term_dynamic_psychotherapy#Origins_and_theoretical_foundation_of_ISTDP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intensive_short-term_dynamic_psychotherapy#Specific_Therapeutic_Interventions_of_ISTDP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intensive_short-term_dynamic_psychotherapy#Evidence_base_for_ISTDP
http://istdpinstitute.com/resources/intensive-short-term-dynamic-psychotherapy-an-introduction/

Issue: depression
https://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/topics/depression/
http://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/publications/bipolar-disorder-listing.shtml
http://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/publications/depression-what-you-need-to-know-12-2015/
http://www.nimh.nih.gov/news/science-news/2014/rapid-agent-restores-pleasure-seeking-ahead-of-other-antidepressant-action.shtml
http://www.webmd.com/depression/
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/depression/depression-signs-and-symptoms.htm
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-04-26/exxon-mobil-loses-top-credit-rating-it-held-since-depression
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-04-25/doug-casey-warns-its-next-stage-greater-depression
http://bizbeatblog.dallasnews.com/2016/04/exxon-mobil-loses-sps-top-credit-rating-held-since-depression.html/
https://www.nami.org/Learn-More/Mental-Health-Conditions/Depression

Issue: bipolar disorder
https://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/topics/bipolar-disorder/
http://www.nimh.nih.gov/funding/clinical-research/practical/step-bd/
http://www.nimh.nih.gov/news/science-news/2014/rapid-agent-restores-pleasure-seeking-ahead-of-other-antidepressant-action.shtml
http://www.nimh.nih.gov/news/science-news/2015/disorders-share-risk-gene-pathways-for-immune-epigenetic-regulation.shtml
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/bipolar-disorder/basics/definition/con-20027544
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/bipolar-disorder/basics/symptoms/con-20027544
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/bipolar-disorder/basics/treatment/con-20027544
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/bipolar-disorder/basics/causes/con-20027544
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/bipolar-disorder/care-at-mayo-clinic/why-choose-mayo-clinic/con-20027544
http://www.webmd.com/bipolar-disorder/

Issue: career counseling
http://www.monster.com/career-advice/article/make-the-most-of-career-counseling
http://med.stanford.edu/careercenter/
http://www.stanford.edu/
http://www.goodmancounseling.com/
https://cardinalatwork.stanford.edu/learn-grow/career-counseling-network
https://cardinalatwork.stanford.edu/learn-grow/career-counseling-network/counselor-profiles-contact-info
http://stanfordcareers.stanford.edu/growing-at-stanford/career-guidance
http://www.yelp.com/search?cflt=careercounseling&find_loc=Sunnyvale%2C+CA
http://www.yelp.com/search?cflt=careercounseling&find_loc=Mountain+View%2C+CA
http://time.com/3590683/how-to-get-the-most-value-from-a-career-counselor/

Issue: executive coaching
http://lynnsegal.com/
http://rjbconsulting.biz/
http://executivecoachingsanfrancisco.com/
https://www.gsb.stanford.edu/alumni/volunteering/act/service-areas/executive-coaching
https://www.gsb.stanford.edu/faculty-research/publications/2013-executive-coaching-survey
http://www.gsb.stanford.edu/exed/sep/
http://garfinkleexecutivecoaching.com/about-joel
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/stanford-study-says-ceos-want-executive-coaching-helen-attridge-mcc
https://hbr.org/2002/06/the-very-real-dangers-of-executive-coaching
http://executive.berkeley.edu/programs/executive-coaching-institute

Issue: medication management
https://www.pcpcc.org/medication-management?sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwib8u-T6KzMAhUQ42MKHTqPCYYQ9QEIGTAA
https://www.pcpcc.org/medication-management
http://www.nextstepincare.org/uploads/File/Guides/Medication/Medication_Management_Guide/Medication_Management.pdf
http://nihseniorhealth.gov/takingmedicines/managingyourmedicines/01.html
https://www.pcpcc.org/sites/default/files/media/medmanagement.pdf
http://www.medsmanagement.com/
http://www.champ-program.org/page/101/geriatric-medication-management-toolkit
http://www.beachside-therapy.com/psychiatry/medication-management/
http://www.ihnet.com/solutions/medication-management
http://helpinguhomecare.com/Skilled-Nursing/Medication-Management-and-Education

Issue: co dependency group therapy
http://www.recovery.org/topics/about-the-codependents-anonymous-12-step-recovery-program/
http://www.goodtherapy.org/learn-about-therapy/issues/codependency
http://coda.org/
http://locator.coda.org/
http://coda.org/index.cfm/meeting-materials1/patterns-and-characteristics-2011/
http://coda.org/index.cfm/newcomers/
http://coda.org/index.cfm/faq/
http://www.mentalhealthamerica.net/co-dependency
https://groups.psychologytoday.com/rms/prof_results.php?city=San+Diego&state=CA&spec=503
http://psychcentral.com/lib/treatment-options-for-codependence/

Issue: traumatic brain injury
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Traumatic_brain_injury
http://www.ninds.nih.gov/disorders/tbi/tbi.htm
http://www.ninds.nih.gov/disorders/tbi/org_tbi.htm
http://www.ninds.nih.gov/disorders/tbi/press_tbi.htm
http://www.ninds.nih.gov/disorders/tbi/pubs_tbi.htm
http://www.ninds.nih.gov/disorders/tbi/detail_tbi.htm
http://www.traumaticbraininjury.com/
http://www.traumaticbraininjury.com/understanding-tbi/what-is-traumatic-brain-injury/
http://www.traumaticbraininjury.com/understanding-tbi/what-are-the-effects-of-tbi/
http://www.traumaticbraininjury.com/symptoms-of-tbi/mild-tbi-symptoms/

Issue: impulse control disorders
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impulse_control_disorder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impulse_control_disorder#Classification
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impulse_control_disorder#ICDs_Not_Elsewhere_Classified
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impulse_control_disorder#Symptoms_and_diagnosis
https://www.newharbinger.com/psychsolve/impulse-control-disorders
http://www.psychiatrictimes.com/impulse-control-disorders/impulse-control-disorders-clinical-characteristics-and-pharmacological-management
http://psychcentral.com/lib/what-are-impulse-control-disorders/
https://www.mentalhelp.net/articles/impulse-control-disorders/
https://www.mentalhelp.net/articles/defining-features-of-personality-disorders-impulse-control-problems/
http://www.pineyridge.net/behavioral-disorders/impulse-control/causes-effects-symptoms

Issue: couple and family therapy
http://www.aamft.org/
http://www.aamft.org/iMIS15/AAMFT/Content/membership/membership.aspx
http://conferences.aamft.org/
https://www.aamft.org/iMIS15/AAMFT/Content/supervision/supervision.aspx
https://www.aamft.org/imis15/AAMFT/Content/About_AAMFT/Qualifications.aspx?hkey=2d5f6fac-24c6-40fd-b74f-5f3eaf214e55
https://cardinalatwork.stanford.edu/faculty-staff-help-center/about-us/our-staff
https://med.stanford.edu/profiles/douglas-rait
http://www.mrifamilytherapy.com/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Family_therapy
https://education.uoregon.edu/program/couples-and-family-therapy

Issue: behavioral issues
http://www.brainbalancecenters.com/who-we-can-help/behavioral-issues/
https://www.healthychildren.org/English/health-issues/conditions/emotional-problems/Pages/Disruptive-Behavior-Disorders.aspx
http://www.parents.com/toddlers-preschoolers/development/behavioral/problems-you-shouldnt-ignore/
http://www.pacer.org/cmh/does-my-child-have-an-emotional-or-behavioral-disorder/
https://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/childbehaviordisorders.html
http://www.additudemag.com/adhd/article/879.html
http://kidshealth.org/en/parents/emotions/
http://patient.info/doctor/common-behavioural-problems-in-children
http://www.med.umich.edu/yourchild/topics/behave.htm
https://www.empoweringparents.com/article-categories/child-behavior-problems/

Issue: developmental disorders
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Developmental_disorder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Developmental_disorder#Emergence
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Developmental_disorder#Types
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Developmental_disorder#See_also
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Developmental_disorder#References
http://www.webmd.com/brain/autism/development-disorder
http://www.firstsigns.org/delays_disorders/other_disorders.htm
http://psychcentral.com/childhood/
https://www.kennedykrieger.org/patient-care/diagnoses-disorders/developmental-disorders
http://www.cdc.gov/ncbddd/developmentaldisabilities/facts.html

Issue: occupational issues
http://www.slackbooks.com/excerpts/36836_2.pdf
http://cjo.sagepub.com/content/76/5/326.short
https://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/occupationalhealth.html
http://www.aota.org/publications-news/forthemedia/ot-news.aspx
https://www.healthypeople.gov/2020/topics-objectives/topic/occupational-safety-and-health
https://www.healthypeople.gov/2020/topics-objectives/topic/occupational-safety-and-health/objectives
https://www.healthypeople.gov/2020/topics-objectives/topic/occupational-safety-and-health/ebrs
https://www.healthypeople.gov/2020/topics-objectives/topic/occupational-safety-and-health/national-snapshot
https://www.understood.org/en/learning-attention-issues/treatments-approaches/therapies/what-you-need-to-know-about-occupational-therapy
http://adhdandoccupationaltherapy.weebly.com/occupational-performance-issues.html

Issue: codependency
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Codependency
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Codependent_No_More
http://www.coda-uk.org/
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dysfunctional_family
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Counterdependency
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Covert_incest
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enmeshment
http://www.mentalhealthamerica.net/co-dependency
http://www.webmd.com/sex-relationships/features/signs-of-a-codependent-relationship
http://psychcentral.com/lib/symptoms-of-codependency/

Issue: borderline personality
http://www.borderlinepersonalitydisorder.com/what-is-bpd/bpd-overview/
http://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/topics/borderline-personality-disorder/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Borderline_personality_disorder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Splitting_(psychology)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dissociation_(psychology)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Idealization_and_devaluation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Management_of_borderline_personality_disorder
https://www.nami.org/Learn-More/Mental-Health-Conditions/Borderline-Personality-Disorder
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/personality-disorders/borderline-personality-disorder.htm
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/borderline-personality-disorder/basics/definition/con-20023204

Issue: suicidal ideation
http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suicidal_ideation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Columbia_Suicide_Severity_Rating_Scale
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parasuicide
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Finno-Ugrian_suicide_hypothesis
http://www.valleybehavioral.com/suicidal-ideation/signs-symptoms-causes
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/suicide/basics/definition/con-20033954
http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/193026.php
https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/hide-and-seek/201204/fighting-suicidal-thoughts
http://www.currentpsychiatry.com/the-publication/issue-single-view/passive-suicidal-ideation-still-a-high-risk-clinical-scenario/651a76321f5ec282d271b194343a9bfd.html

Issue: aspergers syndrome
http://www.webmd.com/brain/autism/mental-health-aspergers-syndrome
http://www.webmd.com/brain/autism/mental-health-aspergers-syndrome?page=2
http://www.webmd.com/brain/autism/tc/aspergers-syndrome-symptoms
http://www.webmd.com/brain/autism/mental-health-autism
https://www.autismspeaks.org/what-autism/asperger-syndrome
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asperger_syndrome
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High-functioning_autism
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autism_spectrum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prosody_(linguistics)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Echolalia

Issue: sleep or insomnia
https://sleepfoundation.org/insomnia/content/what-causes-insomnia
https://sleepfoundation.org/insomnia/home
http://www.webmd.com/sleep-disorders/guide/insomnia-symptoms-and-causes
http://www.webmd.com/sleep-disorders/guide/insomnia-symptoms-and-causes?page=2
http://www.webmd.com/sleep-disorders/understanding-insomnia-basic-information
http://www.webmd.com/sleep-disorders/video/breus-insomnia-not-asleep
http://www.sleepeducation.org/essentials-in-sleep/insomnia
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/sleep/cant-sleep-insomnia-treatment.htm
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/sleep/sleeping-pills-and-natural-sleep-aids.htm
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/sleep/restless-leg-syndrome-rls.htm

Issue: postpartum adjustment
http://www.postpartumprogress.com/normal-postpartum-adjustment-vs-postpartum-mood-disorders
http://www.babies.sutterhealth.org/afterthebirth/newmom/nm_ppadjustments.html
https://www.colorado.gov/pacific/sites/default/files/PF_Normal-Postpartum-Adjustment-and-PMADs-Understanding-the-Difference_0.pdf
http://www.postpartumsupport.com/
http://www.nwh.org/community-health-resources/postpartum-guide/care-of-yourself/emotional-adjustments/
http://www.cpmc.org/services/pregnancy/information/postpartum_adjustments.html
http://postpartumstress.com/2014/01/31/postpartum-stress-syndrome/
http://www.integrativetherapy.com/en/articles.php?id=75
http://www.passnc.org/
https://www.sleepingbaby.com/blogs/news/18496077-the-postpartum-adjustment

Issue: oppositional defiance
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/oppositional-defiant-disorder/basics/definition/con-20024559
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/oppositional-defiant-disorder/basics/symptoms/con-20024559
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/oppositional-defiant-disorder/basics/treatment/con-20024559
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/oppositional-defiant-disorder/basics/causes/con-20024559
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/oppositional-defiant-disorder/basics/tests-diagnosis/con-20024559
http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/oppositional-defiant-disorder
http://www.mentalhealth.com/home/dx/oppositionaldefiant.html
https://www.aacap.org/App_Themes/AACAP/docs/resource_centers/odd/odd_resource_center_odd_guide.pdf
http://www.aacap.org/AACAP/Families_and_Youth/Facts_for_Families/FFF-Guide/Children-With-Oppositional-Defiant-Disorder-072.aspx
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oppositional_defiant_disorder

Issue: teen violence
https://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/teenviolence.html
https://www.teenhelp.com/violence-anger/what-causes-teen-violence/
http://www.zurinstitute.com/teenviolence.html
http://www.pamf.org/parenting-teens/emotions/violence/violence.html
http://at-risk.org/teen-violence/
http://www.wmcactionnews5.com/story/31815888/event-aims-to-prevent-teen-violence-through-education
http://crimeblog.dallasnews.com/2016/04/teen-shot-in-saginaw-police-investigating.html/
http://www.star-telegram.com/news/local/article73665512.html
https://www.ncadv.org/files/Dating%20Abuse%20and%20Teen%20Violence%20NCADV.pdf
http://www.apa.org/helpcenter/warning-signs.aspx

Issue: coping skills
http://www.mhww.org/strategies.html
http://www.yourlifeyourvoice.org/pages/tip-99-coping-skills.aspx
http://www.unstressyourself.com/best-coping-skills-worksheets/
https://www.pinterest.com/pin/183381016054480432/
https://www.pinterest.com/explore/coping-skills/
https://www.kidsmatter.edu.au/families/starting-school/5-coping-skills-children
http://sheenasplace.org/blog/de-coding-coping-strategies/
http://www.kelleystevens.com/blog/2015/10/7/50-coping-skills-for-teens
http://prestigebux.com/worksheet/free-worksheets-for-kids-on-coping-skills
http://us.reachout.com/facts/factsheet/developing-coping-strategies

Issue: singleness issues in dating
http://www.desiringgod.org/topics/dating-singleness
http://www.eharmony.com/dating-advice/about-you/single-and-frustrated-5-things-to-consider/
https://blackandmarriedwithkids.com/2013/09/7-mistakes-single-christian-women-make-with-relationships/
http://www.focusonthefamily.com/marriage/preparing-for-marriage/dating-and-singleness-later-in-life/the-challenges-of-dating-later-in-life
http://www.chatelaine.com/health/sex-and-relationships/dating-in-your-40s-10-things-ive-learned/
http://www.homeschooloasis.com/art_problems_with_dating.htm
http://pleasantvalley.cc/singleness-dating-and-sexuality/
https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/compassion-matters/201311/8-reasons-you-might-still-be-single
https://christianpundit.wordpress.com/2012/08/16/the-singles-challenge-single-christian-over-35-years-old-never-married/
http://www.boundless.org/adulthood/2014/when-god-says-wait-and-everyone-else-says-whats-wrong

Issue: sexual abuse
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sexual_abuse
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Child_sexual_abuse
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Child-on-child_sexual_abuse
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laws_regarding_child_sexual_abuse
http://www.apa.org/topics/sexual-abuse/
https://rainn.org/get-information/types-of-sexual-assault/child-sexual-abuse
http://www.womenshealth.gov/publications/our-publications/fact-sheet/sexual-assault.html
http://www.pandys.org/whatissexualabuse.html
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-crime-hastert-idUSKCN0XM2FA
http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/men-accusing-dennis-hastert-sexual-abuse-38657045

Issue: infidelity
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infidelity
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infidelity
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cheating
https://www.psychologytoday.com/basics/infidelity
https://www.psychologytoday.com/articles/200910/beyond-betrayal-life-after-infidelity
https://www.psychologytoday.com/articles/201001/sex-ed-the-cheat-sheet
https://www.psychologytoday.com/articles/201207/promise-promiscuity
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infidelity#Incidence
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infidelity#Causes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infidelity#Relationship_transformations

Issue: divorce
http://www.courts.ca.gov/selfhelp-divorce.htm
http://www.courts.ca.gov/1033.htm
http://www.courts.ca.gov/1032.htm
http://www.courts.ca.gov/8218.htm
http://www.courts.ca.gov/selfhelp-summarydissolution.htm
http://www.thepennyhoarder.com/15-careers-with-the-highest-divorce-rates/
http://www.baltimorecountylaw.com/2012/04/counting-the-costs-of-divorce/
http://www.criminaljusticedegreesguide.com/features/30-blogs-for-surviving-a-divorce.html
http://www.thecollegesolution.com/how-does-financial-aid-work-when-youre-divorced/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Divorce

Issue: marital and premarital
http://www.mayoclinic.org/tests-procedures/premarital-counseling/basics/definition/prc-20013242
http://www.uniformlaws.org/Act.aspx?title=Premarital%20and%20Marital%20Agreements%20Act
http://www.englishpage.net/showthread.php?10355-pre-marital-premarital
http://flpremaritalcourse.com/
http://national.deseretnews.com/article/2155/how-your-premarital-experiences-can-affect-your-future-marriage.html
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Premarital_sex
https://therapists.psychologytoday.com/rms/prof_results.php?city=Brooklyn&state=NY&spec=577
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/02/22/pre-marital-counseling_n_4784568.html
https://www.prepare-enrich.com/
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17201507

Issue: self esteem
http://quotesgram.com/quotes-to-boost-self-esteem/?sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiRwrag6azMAhUD1mMKHc0jC74Q9QEIGTAA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Self-esteem
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychology_of_self
http://psychology.about.com/od/sindex/f/what-is-self-esteem.htm
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bullying
https://www.psychologytoday.com/basics/self-esteem
https://www.psychologytoday.com/articles/200809/never-good-enough
https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-science-success/201209/forget-self-esteem
https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/evolution-the-self/200809/the-path-unconditional-self-acceptance
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Self-esteem_functions

Issue: maximize medical treatmt conditions
https://blog.mint.com/saving/11-tips-for-healthcare-deductions04152011/
http://www.bankrate.com/finance/taxes/maximizing-your-medical-deductions-1.aspx
https://www.ucsfhealth.org/conditions/chronic_bronchitis/treatment.html
https://www.shadygrovefertility.com/blog/affording-care/how-maximize-insurance-benefits-fertility-treatment/
http://www.dentaleconomics.com/articles/print/volume-105/issue-3/practice/how-to-maximize-medical-insurance-reimbursement-and-minimize-your-patients-out-of-pocket-cost-in-the-dental-sleep-world.html
http://www.cdc.gov/tb/publications/factsheets/treatment/ltbiadherence.pdf
http://medicaleconomics.modernmedicine.com/medical-economics/content/tags/2014-ehr-scorecard/5-steps-maximize-your-patient-portal-and-boost-pra?page=full
https://www.novanthealth.org/home/about-us/newsroom/healthy-headlines/articleid/216/tips-to-maximize-your-health-care-spending.aspx?mobilewidthcheck=y
http://www.alz.org/health-care-professionals/medical-management-patient-care.asp

Issue: relational psychoanalysis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relational_psychoanalysis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relational_psychoanalysis#Drives_versus_relationships
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relational_psychoanalysis#Techniques
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relational_psychoanalysis#Authors
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relational_psychoanalysis#Critique
http://iarpp.net/who-we-are/
http://iarpp.net/
http://www.apa.org/pubs/videos/4310846.aspx
http://www.pathway-therapy.com/?page_id=52
http://www.amazon.com/Relational-Psychoanalysis-Volume-Emergence-Tradition/dp/0881632708

Issue: child or adolescent
https://www.aacap.org/AACAP/Families_and_Youth/Facts_for_Families/FFF-Guide/The-Child-And-Adolescent-Psychiatrist-000.aspx
https://www.aacap.org/aacap/families_and_youth/Resources/CAP_Finder.aspx
http://www.aacap.org/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Child_and_adolescent_psychiatry
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Child_and_adolescent_psychiatry#History
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Child_and_adolescent_psychiatry#Classification_of_disorders
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Child_and_adolescent_psychiatry#Clinical_practice
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Child_and_adolescent_psychiatry#Training
https://therapists.psychologytoday.com/rms/prof_results.php?city=Napa&spec=5
https://therapists.psychologytoday.com/rms/prof_results.php?city=Lafayette&state=CA&spec=5

Issue: eating disorders
http://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/topics/eating-disorders/
https://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/publications/eating-disorders-new-trifold/
http://www.nationaleatingdisorders.org/general-information
http://www.nationaleatingdisorders.org/
http://www.eatingdisorderhope.com/information/eating-disorder
http://www.something-fishy.org/
http://kidshealth.org/en/teens/eat-disorder.html
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eating_disorder
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/eating-disorders/home/ovc-20182765
http://www.theguardian.com/society/2016/apr/25/eating-disorders-treated-japan-share-your-story

Issue: sex therapy
http://www.martyklein.com/
http://www.losgatossextherapy.com/
http://www.celesteanddanielle.com/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sex_therapy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sex_therapy#Practice
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sex_therapy#Aging_and_sexuality
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sex_therapy#See_also
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sex_therapy#References
http://www.webmd.com/sex-relationships/features/what-does-sex-therapist-do
http://www.yelp.com/biz/san-francisco-sex-therapy-and-couples-counseling-center-san-francisco

Issue: chronic impulsivity
http://outofthefog.website/top-100-trait-blog/2015/11/4/impulsiveness
http://openpathcollective.org/mental-health-topics/chronic-impulsivity/
http://www.rightdiagnosis.com/symptoms/chronic_impulsivity_in_adults/common.htm
http://www.rightdiagnosis.com/sym/chronic_impulsivity_in_adults.htm
https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/dont-delay/200906/why-are-you-so-impulsive
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impulsivity
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impulsivity#Associated_behavioral_and_societal_problems
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impulsivity#Theories_of_impulsivity
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impulsivity#Assessment_of_impulsivity
http://www.medicinenet.com/script/main/art.asp?articlekey=22330

Issue: gay
http://www.gsanetwork.org/
http://www.sfpride.org/
http://www.sfgmc.org/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gay
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gay_sexual_practices
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gay_(disambiguation)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_gay,_lesbian_or_bisexual_people
http://www.gay.com/
http://www.gay.com/advocate/6-reasons-why-a-gym-body-isn039t-a-healthy-body
http://www.gay.com/advocate/11-bad-habits-killing-lgbt-people

Issue: grief
http://www.bhmschools.org/schools/buffalo-high/about-school/student-services-information/managing-and-dealing-grief-and-loss?sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwi5sqHD6azMAhUU_mMKHQWICCAQ9QEIGTAA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grief
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grief_counseling
http://www.cancer.org/treatment/treatmentsandsideeffects/emotionalsideeffects/griefandloss/coping-with-the-loss-of-a-loved-one-intro-to-grief-mourning-bereavement
http://www.mhweb.org/wayne/selfhelp_gen.htm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grief_counseling
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disenfranchised_grief
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anticipatory_grief
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Grief
http://grief.com/

Issue: post partum depression
http://www.postpartumprogress.com/the-symptoms-of-postpartum-depression-anxiety-in-plain-mama-english
http://www.postpartumprogress.com/six-things-the-6-stages-of-postpartum-depression
http://www.postpartumprogress.com/womens-mental-health-treatment-programs-specialists-us-canada-australia
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/postpartum-depression/basics/definition/con-20029130
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/postpartum-depression/basics/symptoms/con-20029130
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/postpartum-depression/basics/causes/con-20029130
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/postpartum-depression/basics/risk-factors/con-20029130
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/postpartum-depression/basics/treatment/con-20029130
http://www.webmd.com/depression/postpartum-depression/
http://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/publications/postpartum-depression-facts/

Issue: anxiety
http://www.webmd.com/anxiety-panic/guide/mental-health-anxiety-disorders
http://www.webmd.com/anxiety-panic/guide/mental-health-anxiety-disorders?page=2
http://www.webmd.com/anxiety-panic/guide/generalized-anxiety-disorder
http://www.webmd.com/heart-disease/guide/what-causes-heart-palpitations
http://www.webmd.com/anxiety-panic/guide/mental-health-anxiety-disorders?page=3
http://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/topics/anxiety-disorders/
http://www.health.com/health/gallery/0,,20646990,00.html
http://www.adaa.org/understanding-anxiety
http://www.forbes.com/sites/jeenacho/2016/04/26/why-we-suffer-from-anxiety-and-how-to-fix-it/
http://www.pidjin.net/2016/04/25/anxiety/

Issue: domestic abuse
http://www.ncadv.org/need-help/what-is-domestic-violence
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domestic_violence
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domestic_violence_in_the_United_States
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domestic_violence_in_Australia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domestic_violence_in_India
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domestic_violence_in_Nigeria
http://www.thehotline.org/
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/abuse/domestic-violence-and-abuse.htm
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/abuse/help-for-abused-and-battered-women.htm
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/abuse/help-for-abused-men.htm

Issue: life coaching
http://www.susanfoxlifecoach.com/
http://drkaitphilbin.com/
http://www.pacificlifecoach.com/
http://www.lifecoaching.com/
http://www.lifecoaching.com/pages/life_coaching.html
http://www.lifecoaching.com/pages/become_a_life_coach.html
http://www.lifecoaching.com/pages/contact_us.html
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coaching
http://www.nbcnews.com/business/consumer/lawsuit-shines-unflattering-light-life-coaching-industry-n507401
http://spencerinstitute.com/about-coaching/

Issue: psychosis
http://www.healthline.com/health/psychosis
http://www.healthline.com/health/psychosis#Overview
http://www.healthline.com/health/psychosis#Symptoms
http://www.healthline.com/health/psychosis#DelusionsandHallucinations
http://www.healthline.com/health/psychosis#Causes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychosis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thought_disorder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pronoia_(psychology)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diagnosis_of_exclusion
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Word_salad

Issue: chronic relapse
http://www.addictionpro.com/article/help-chronic-relapser
https://www.recoveryplace.com/blog/coping-with-chronic-relapse/
http://alcoholrehab.com/addiction-recovery/chronic-relapsers/
http://www.crchealth.com/find-a-treatment-center/executive-treatment/exclusive-drug-rehab-programs/chronic-relapse/
https://www.thefix.com/content/12-years-drunk-after-12-years-sober2034?page=all
https://www.promises.com/articles/addiction/common-relapse-triggers/
http://luxury.rehabs.com/alcohol-rehab/chronic-relapsers/
http://seacliffrecovery.com/addiction-recovery-blog/overcoming-chronic-relapse/
http://www.addiction-intervention.com/addiction/addiction-treatment/cycle-of-chronic-relapse/
http://www.cnn.com/2011/HEALTH/02/03/addiction.repeat.rehab.sheen/

Issue: learning disabilities
http://ldaamerica.org/types-of-learning-disabilities/
http://ldaamerica.org/types-of-learning-disabilities/dyslexia/
http://ldaamerica.org/types-of-learning-disabilities/dyscalculia/
http://ldaamerica.org/types-of-learning-disabilities/memory/
http://ldaamerica.org/types-of-learning-disabilities/dysgraphia/
http://ldaamerica.org/
https://www.understood.org/en/learning-attention-issues/child-learning-disabilities
http://www.ldonline.org/ldbasics/whatisld
http://www.ncld.org/
http://kidshealth.org/en/teens/learning-disabilities.html

Issue: mindfulness
http://nymag.com/scienceofus/2016/04/is-mindfulness-overrated.html
http://qz.com/668887/a-new-study-suggests-mindfulness-isnt-quite-as-miraculous-as-weve-been-led-to-believe/
http://www.inc.com/chris-matyszczyk/mindfulness-may-not-be-all-its-cracked-up-to-be-science-says.html
http://greatergood.berkeley.edu/topic/mindfulness/definition
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mindfulness
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mindfulness-based_stress_reduction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jon_Kabat-Zinn
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anapanasati
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mindfulness_(journal)
https://www.psychologytoday.com/basics/mindfulness

Issue: bisexual
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bisexuality
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lists_of_bisexual_people
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bisexual_chic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Celebrate_Bisexuality_Day
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biphobia
http://bisexual.org/
http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=bisexual
http://biresource.net/whatis.shtml
http://www.advocatesforyouth.org/publications/publications-a-z/724-i-think-i-might-be-bisexual-now-what-do-i-do
http://www.mirror.co.uk/lifestyle/sex-relationships/relationships/dear-coleen-think-might-lesbian-7823559

Issue: panic disorder and phobias
http://www.cmha.ca/mental_health/phobias-and-panic-disorders/
http://anxietynetwork.com/content/differences-between-panic-and-social-anxiety
http://www.webmd.com/anxiety-panic/
http://www.webmd.com/anxiety-panic/guide/mental-health-anxiety-disorders
http://www.webmd.com/anxiety-panic/guide/panic-attack-symptoms
http://www.webmd.com/anxiety-panic/guide/anxiety-panic-guide-symptoms-types
http://www.webmd.com/anxiety-panic/understanding-anxiety-symptoms
http://www.adaa.org/understanding-anxiety/specific-phobias
http://www.theravive.com/services/panic-attacks-phobias.htm
http://www.anxietycentre.com/phobias.shtml

Issue: testing and evaluation
https://testing.wisc.edu/
https://testing.wisc.edu/centerpages/regionaltesting.html
https://testing.wisc.edu/madison%20placement%20testing%20information.html
https://testing.wisc.edu/placementtesting.html
http://www.astm.org/DIGITAL_LIBRARY/JOURNALS/TESTEVAL/
http://www.technologystudent.com/despro_flsh/evalintegr1.html
http://qatestlab.com/knowledge-center/software-testing-glossary/test-evaluation-report/
http://www.the-arnold-group.com/employerservices/testingevaluationemployer/
https://www.mitre.org/publications/systems-engineering-guide/se-lifecycle-building-blocks/test-and-evaluation
http://efltevaluation.wikispaces.com/01.+Evaluation,+assessment,+and+testing

Issue: adhd
http://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/topics/attention-deficit-hyperactivity-disorder-adhd/
http://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/publications/attention-deficit-hyperactivity-disorder-easy-to-read/
https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2016/04/160425095529.htm
http://www.news-medical.net/news/20160426/ADHD-highly-prevalent-among-children-with-vision-problems.aspx
http://www.theguardian.com/society/2016/apr/25/online-adhd-test-health-guardian
http://www.cdc.gov/ncbddd/adhd/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Attention_deficit_hyperactivity_disorder
http://kidshealth.org/en/parents/adhd.html
http://www.chadd.org/
http://www.webmd.com/add-adhd/

Issue: bachelor amp husband challenges
http://members.tripod.com/~mike_mcqueen/wed.htm
http://live.mprnews.org/Event/Does_higher_education_dim_marriage_prospects_for_women
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3285350/Daily-Mail-Australia-challenges-court-injunction-banning-running-exclusive-Bachelorette-story-photographs.html
http://www.artofmanliness.com/2012/04/18/a-history-of-the-american-bachelor-part-iii-the-20th-and-21st-century/
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/the-real-fantasy-of-the-bachelor-is-that-love-can-be-controlled_us_568a8b80e4b06fa68882d28a?amp%3Bir=Entertainment&utm_hp_ref=entertainment
https://www.bostonglobe.com/business/2013/05/26/women-graduates-elite-colleges-more-likely-opt-out-workforce/wQAmXRV9WMWtFKph26ORBM/story.html
http://www.susiemeister.com/vh1-and-amp-radios-chris-booker/
http://www.harpenauinsurance.com/staff/default.aspx
https://i-lab.harvard.edu/explore/about/i-lab-staff/
http://bbcamp.org/about-us/year-round-staff/

Issue: dual diagnosis
http://www.dbsalliance.org/site/PageServer?pagename=education_brochures_dual_diagnosis
http://www.nami.org/helpline/diagnosisdual.html
http://www.draonline.org/dual_diagnosis.html
http://users.erols.com/ksciacca/
https://www.nami.org/Learn-More/Mental-Health-Conditions/Related-Conditions/Dual-Diagnosis
http://www.dualdiagnosis.org/
http://www.dualdiagnosis.org/dual-diagnosis-treatment/
http://www.dualdiagnosis.org/ocd-addiction/
http://www.dualdiagnosis.org/mental-health-and-addiction/post-traumatic-stress-disorder-and-addiction/
http://www.dualdiagnosis.org/borderline-personality-disorder-and-addiction/

Issue: autism
https://www.autismspeaks.org/what-autism
https://www.autismspeaks.org/what-autism/learn-signs
https://www.autismspeaks.org/what-autism/symptoms
https://www.autismspeaks.org/what-autism/facts-about-autism
https://www.autismspeaks.org/what-autism/diagnosis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autism
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autism_spectrum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Causes_of_autism
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neurodevelopmental_disorder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pervasive_developmental_disorder_not_otherwise_specified

Issue: dissociative disorders
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dissociative_disorder
https://www.nami.org/Learn-More/Mental-Health-Conditions/Dissociative-Disorders
https://www.nami.org/Learn-More/Mental-Health-Conditions/Dissociative-Disorders/Treatment
https://www.nami.org/Learn-More/Mental-Health-Conditions/Dissociative-Disorders/Support
https://www.nami.org/Learn-More/Mental-Health-Conditions/Dissociative-Disorders/Discuss
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dissociative_disorder#Cause_and_treatment
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dissociative_disorder#Specific_psychopharmacology
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dissociative_disorder#Diagnosis_and_prevalence
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/dissociative-disorders/basics/definition/con-20031012
http://www.strangerinthemirror.com/dissociative.html

Issue: early childhood trauma
http://www.nctsn.org/trauma-types/early-childhood-trauma
http://www.nctsn.org/content/how-early-childhood-trauma-unique
http://www.nctsn.org/trauma-types/complex-trauma/effects-of-complex-trauma
http://www.nctsn.org/trauma-types/early-childhood-trauma/Symptoms-and-Behaviors-Associated-with-Exposure-to-Trauma
http://www.aaets.org/article174.htm
http://www.mentalhealthconnection.org/pdfs/perry-handout-effects-of-trauma.pdf
http://www.healingresources.info/trauma_attachment_stress_disorders.htm
http://healthland.time.com/2013/01/16/childhood-trauma-leaves-legacy-of-brain-changes/
http://www.nctsnet.org/sites/default/files/assets/pdfs/nctsn_earlychildhoodtrauma_08-2010final.pdf
http://www.nctsnet.org/trauma-types/medical-trauma

Issue: drug abuse
https://www.drugabuse.gov/publications/drugfacts/understanding-drug-abuse-addiction
https://www.drugabuse.gov/
http://www.tennessean.com/story/opinion/contributors/2016/04/24/bill-would-focus-drug-abuse-treatment/83199234/
http://www.chattanoogan.com/2016/4/25/322856/Tennessee-Making-Progress-Reducing.aspx
http://www.wcyb.com/news/prescription-drug-abuse-reportedly-down-statewide-still-high-in-tricities/39213004
https://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/drugabuse.html
http://www.medicinenet.com/drug_abuse/article.htm
http://drugabuse.com/
http://drugabuse.com/library/drug-abuse-information/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Substance_abuse

Issue: emotional disturbance
https://arksped.k12.ar.us/rules_regs_08/3.%20SPED%20ELIGIBILITY%20CRITERIA%20AND%20PROGRAM%20GUIDELINES%20FOR%20CHILDREN/PART%20I%20ELIGIBILITY%20CRITERIA%20AGES%205-21/D.%20EMOTIONAL%20DISTURBANCE.pdf
http://www.parentcenterhub.org/repository/emotionaldisturbance/
http://www.parentcenterhub.org/repository/emotionaldisturbance/#def
http://www.parentcenterhub.org/repository/emotionaldisturbance/#char
http://www.parentcenterhub.org/repository/emotionaldisturbance/#causes
http://www.parentcenterhub.org/repository/emotionaldisturbance/#freq
http://www.specialeducationguide.com/disability-profiles/emotional-disturbance/
http://do2learn.com/disabilities/CharacteristicsAndStrategies/EmotionalDisturbance_Characteristics.html
http://cecp.air.org/resources/20th/eligchar.asp
http://idea.ed.gov/explore/view/p/,root,regs,300,A,300%252E8,c,4,i,

Issue: alzheimers
http://www.alz.org/
http://www.alz.org/apps/findus.asp
http://www.alz.org/join_the_cause_donate.asp
http://www.alz.org/alzheimers_disease_10_signs_of_alzheimers.asp
http://www.alz.org/alzheimers_disease_what_is_alzheimers.asp
https://www.nia.nih.gov/alzheimers/publication/alzheimers-disease-fact-sheet
https://www.nia.nih.gov/alzheimers/topics/symptoms
https://www.nia.nih.gov/alzheimers/topics/treatment
https://www.nia.nih.gov/alzheimers/publication/caring-person-alzheimers-disease/about-guide
https://www.nia.nih.gov/alzheimers/publication/legal-and-financial-planning-people-alzheimers-disease-fact-sheet

Issue: substance abuse
http://www.samhsa.gov/prevention
http://www.samhsa.gov/prevention/publications-resources
http://www.samhsa.gov/prevention/samhsas-efforts
http://www.samhsa.gov/
http://www.who.int/topics/substance_abuse/en/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Substance_abuse
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Substance_abuse#Classification
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Substance_abuse#Signs_and_symptoms
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Substance_abuse#Treatment
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Substance_abuse#Epidemiology

Issue: acculturation multicultural issues
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acculturation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acculturation#Historical_approaches
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acculturation#Conceptual_models
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acculturation#Outcomes_of_acculturation
http://vcgcb.ca.gov/docs/forms/victims/standardsofcare/Chapter_11.pdf
http://scholarworks.gvsu.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1105&context=orpc
http://www.oxfordhandbooks.com/view/10.1093/oxfordhb/9780199796694.001.0001/oxfordhb-9780199796694-e-001
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/227659460_Assessment_in_Multicultural_Groups_The_Role_of_Acculturation
http://isites.harvard.edu/fs/docs/icb.topic551691.files/Berry.pdf
http://www2.hu-berlin.de/transcience/Vol1_Issue1_2010_87_105_pieterse.pdf

Issue: relationship issues
http://www.webmd.com/sex-relationships/guide/7-relationship-problems-how-solve-them
http://www.professional-counselling.com/common-relationship-problems.html
http://www.professional-counselling.com/relationship-issues.html
http://www.professional-counselling.com/relationship_communication.html
http://www.professional-counselling.com/infidelity_warning_signs.html
http://observer.com/2015/04/the-4-most-common-relationship-problems-and-how-to-fix-them/
http://www.counseling.ufl.edu/cwc/handling-common-relationship-problems
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/news/relationship-problems/
http://www.relate.org.uk/relationship-help/help-relationships/relationship-common-problems
http://www.riversidecapsychologist.com/services-offered

Issue: forgiveness
http://www.highlandhosp.com/2016/02/meaning-of-forgiveness/?sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwi7w6HP6qzMAhUB62MKHeIFC9wQ9QEIGTAA
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forgiveness
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compassion
http://www.usccb.org/prayer-and-worship/sacraments/penance/
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/God_the_Father
http://emetministries.org/conditions-on-forgiveness/
http://www.highlandhosp.com/2016/02/meaning-of-forgiveness/
http://www.ccmwny.org/uncategorized/processes-of-forgiveness
http://theodysseyonline.com/loyola-marymount/forgiveness-and-not-forgiving/279831
http://www.atotalyou.org/forgiveness/

Issue: domestic violence
http://www.save-dv.org/
http://www.nextdoor.org/
http://www.cscriminaldefense.com/
http://www.clarkprosecutor.org/html/domviol/what.htm
http://www.clarkprosecutor.org/html/domviol/facts.htm
http://www.clarkprosecutor.org/html/domviol/effects.htm
http://www.clarkprosecutor.org/html/domviol/myths.htm
http://www.thehotline.org/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domestic_violence
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domestic_violence_in_the_United_States

Issue: academic underachievement
http://www.drstevenhertler.com/academic-underachievement.html
http://www.davidsongifted.org/db/Articles_id_10178.aspx
http://www.rfwp.com/samples/whats-wrong-with-you.pdf
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Underachiever
http://www.counselingthegifted.com/articles/underachieve.html
http://learningdisabilities.about.com/od/learningdisabilitybasics/tp/undrachievers.htm
http://www2.uwstout.edu/content/lib/thesis/2008/2008voegelis.pdf
http://www.academiccoaching.ca/underachievement.html
http://web.usu.edu/asc/StudySmart/pdf/Underachievement%20Among%20College%20Students.pdf
http://www.ascd.org/publications/educational_leadership/nov94/vol52/num03/Reversing_Underachievement@_Stories_of_Success.aspx

Issue: emdr
http://www.emdr.com/
http://www.emdr.com/what-is-emdr/
http://www.emdria.org/?page=2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eye_movement_desensitization_and_reprocessing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eye_movement_desensitization_and_reprocessing#Medical_uses
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eye_movement_desensitization_and_reprocessing#Approach
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eye_movement_desensitization_and_reprocessing#History
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eye_movement_desensitization_and_reprocessing#Controversy
http://www.emdrnetwork.org/description.html
http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/emdr-what-is-it

Issue: parenting
http://www.parenting.com/
http://www.parenting.com/pregnancy
http://www.parenting.com/recipes
http://www.parenting.com/child/behavior
http://www.parenting.com/gallery/best-potty-training-products
https://www.psychologytoday.com/basics/parenting
http://www.rafichowdhury.com/7-biohacking-tips-for-parents/
http://www.parentsareimportant.com/
http://www.metroparent.com/daily/parenting/parenting-issues-tips/researchers-identify-four-new-parenting-styles-u-s/
http://www.parenting-checkpoint.com/

Issue: attachment therapy early intervention
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Attachment-based_therapy_(children)
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/secure-attachment/attachment-issues-and-reactive-attachment-disorders.htm
https://www.chatham.edu/ccps/imh/pdf/zeanah_intervention.pdf
http://www.goodtherapy.org/learn-about-therapy/issues/attachment
http://www.srmhp.org/0102/attachment-therapy.html
http://www.jaspermountain.org/understanding_treating_attachment_problem.pdf
https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/arts-and-health/201309/creative-art-therapy-and-attachment-work
https://www.pinterest.com/lauelk/early-intervention/
https://www.nycourts.gov/ip/cwcip/Trainings/EarlyIntervention.pdf
http://www.translationaldevelopmentalpsychiatry.net/index.php/tdp/article/view/28647

Issue: lesbian
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lesbian
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lesbian_sexual_practices
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_lesbianism
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lesbianism_in_erotica
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lesbian_pulp_fiction
https://vimeo.com/tag:lesbians
http://www.lesbian.com/
https://www.youtube.com/user/OurLesbianLove
http://www.allthetests.com/relationship-tests-love-Am-I-lesbian.php?katb=1090
http://www.lgbtqnation.com/2016/04/watch-as-a-family-dollar-cashier-refuses-to-serve-a-lesbian-customer/

Issue: mood disorders
http://www.mentalhealthamerica.net/conditions/mood-disorders
http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/mood-disorders
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mood_disorder
https://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/mooddisorders.html
http://www.psychguides.com/guides/mood-disorder-symptoms-causes-and-effect/
http://psychcentral.com/news/2016/04/26/mice-study-suggests-link-between-gut-bacteria-and-risk-of-ptsd-mood-disorders/102335.html
http://www.tennessean.com/story/life/health/2016/04/26/bipolar-disorder-can-debilitating-difficult-diagnose/83495142/
http://www.dbsalliance.org/site/PageServer?pagename=education_mood_disorders
http://www.dbsalliance.org/site/PageServer?pagename=education_signs_symptoms
http://www.mentalhealth.gov/what-to-look-for/mood-disorders/

Issue: peer relationships
http://www.child-encyclopedia.com/peer-relations
http://www.child-encyclopedia.com/peer-relations/according-experts/early-peer-relations-and-their-impact-childrens-development
http://www.child-encyclopedia.com/peer-relations/synthesis
http://www.hhs.gov/ash/oah/resources-and-publications/info/parents/other-conversations/peer-relationships/
https://www.naeyc.org/yc/files/yc/file/201211/Manaster.pdf
http://www.rubin-lab.umd.edu/pubs/Downloadable%20pdfs/kenneth_rubin/peers%20interactions%20and%20relationships/Peer%20Relationships,%20Child%20Development,%20and%20Adjustment.pdf
http://www.ericdigests.org/pre-923/peer.htm
http://www.psych.rochester.edu/research/rcf/projects/PEP.html
https://edtosavetheworld.com/2013/04/03/peer-relationships-their-lives-depend-on-them/
http://avisocoaching.com/2014/08/28/peer-relationships-in-college-skill-building-for-the-real-world/

Issue: infertility
http://www.cnn.com/2016/04/26/health/infertility-awareness-week-first-person/
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/what-we-dont-know-about-infertility_us_571bfe32e4b0d0042da97bc1
http://www.chicagotribune.com/suburbs/buffalo-grove/community/chi-ugc-article-national-infertility-awareness-week-research-2016-04-25-story.html
http://obgyn.stanford.edu/divisions/rei.html
http://stanfordhealthcare.org/medical-clinics/fertility-reproductive-medicine-center.html
http://www.webmd.com/infertility-and-reproduction/
http://www.webmd.com/infertility-and-reproduction/ss/slideshow-which-treatment-is-for-you
http://www.webmd.com/infertility-and-reproduction/guide/male-fertility-tests
http://www.webmd.com/infertility-and-reproduction/guide/female-infertility
http://www.webmd.com/infertility-and-reproduction/guide/in-vitro-fertilization

Issue: womens issues
http://now.org/issues/?sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiG6dK366zMAhVFKWMKHax-BmgQ9QEIGzAA
http://now.org/issues/
http://now.org/issues/abortion-rights-reproductive-issues/
http://now.org/issues/economic-justice/
http://now.org/issues/constitutional-equality/
http://womensissues.about.com/
http://reason.com/blog/2016/04/25/womens-issues-dominate-in-2016-president
http://www.gothamgazette.com/index.php/city/6292-rethinking-women-s-issues-in-public-policy
http://www.truthdig.com/avbooth/item/amy_schumer_brilliant_pap_smear_sketch_shows_congress_interfering_20160424
http://shriverreport.org/top-18-issues-challenging-women-today/

Issue: addiction
http://dentoncounty.com/Departments/Probation/Juvenile-Probation/Drugs-and-Addiction.aspx?sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwij65rG66zMAhUN12MKHUrjCi8Q9QEIGTAA
https://www.psychologytoday.com/basics/addiction
http://www.emedicinehealth.com/addiction/article_em.htm
http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/000953.htm
http://www.addictionsandrecovery.org/withdrawal.htm
https://www.psychologytoday.com/basics/addiction/symptoms
https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-high-functioning-alcoholic/200901/characteristics-high-functioning-alcoholics
https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/what-the-wild-things-are/201008/dopamine-why-its-so-hard-just-say-no
https://www.drugabuse.gov/publications/drugfacts/understanding-drug-abuse-addiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Addiction

Issue: work stress
http://www.apa.org/helpcenter/work-stress.aspx
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/stress/stress-at-work.htm
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/stress/stress-at-work.htm#coping
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/stress/stress-at-work.htm#warning
http://www.helpguide.org/articles/stress/stress-at-work.htm#taking
http://outofsightinyourmind.co.uk/tag/work-stress/
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/04/10/work-stress-jobs-americans_n_3053428.html
http://www.mirror.co.uk/lifestyle/you-suffer-stress-anxiety-bullying-4578451
http://modivated.com/career/everyone-handles-severe-work-stress-differently/
http://greatist.com/happiness/manage-workplace-office-stress

